Update README.md (#5)
vtex-apps/trustpilot: docs/README.md

# Trustpilot

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

This is a Trustpilot first party integration app. The [solution](https://www.trustpilot.com/) provides a review platform for your store. 

## Configuration

> 1. [Install](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/installing-an-app/) the `vtex.trustpilot` app;
> 2. In your VTEX account's admin, open the **App** section and select the Truspilot App box;
> 3. Fill in your integration key in the fields;
> 4. Save your changes.

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Install](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/installing-an-app/) the `vtex.trustpilot` app in the VTEX account in which you are working;
2. In your VTEX account's admin, open the **App** section and select the Trustpilot App box;
3. Fill in your integration key, provided by Trustpilot, in the fields;
4. Save your changes.

### Using the Trustpilot's Micro Review Count component 

The `trustpilot` app also enables Truspilot's Micro Review Count component to be added to your store theme by adding the `trustpilot-micro-review-count` block in a template of your choosing.

1. Using a [Developer workspace](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/creating-a-development-workspace/), open your store's theme directory in your code editor and add the `shop-review-interfaces` app as a dependency in the `manifest.json` file:

<code>diff
dependencies: {
+  "vtex.shop-review-interfaces": "0.x"
  }
</code>

2. Add the `shop-review-badge` block, exported by the `shop-review-interfaces`, in a template and block of your choosing, such as the Footer;
3. Save your changes and [link](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/linking-an-app/) the store theme app;
4. Once your changes linked, access the admin's Site Editor using the same Developer workspace (`{workspaceName}-{accountName}.myvtex.com/admin/cms/site-editor`) and look for the `Trustpilot - micro review count` block;
5. When editing the block, add the `business unit id` value provided by the [Trustpilot's widget](https://widgets-trustboxinstructions.b2b.trustpilot.com/#/trustbox/eyJjb2RlSGVhZCI6IjwhLS0gVHJ1c3RCb3ggc2NyaXB0IC0tPlxuPHNjcmlwdCB0eXBlPVwidGV4dC9qYXZhc2NyaXB0XCIgc3JjPVwiLy93aWRnZXQudHJ1c3RwaWxvdC5jb20vYm9vdHN0cmFwL3Y1L3RwLndpZGdldC5ib290c3RyYXAubWluLmpzXCIgYXN5bmM%252BPC9zY3JpcHQ%252BXG48IS0tIEVuZCBUcnVzdEJveCBzY3JpcHQgLS0%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%252BXG48L2Rpdj5cbjwhLS0gRW5kIFRydXN0Qm94IHdpZGdldCAtLT4iLCJ0cnVzdEJveE5hbWUiOiJNaWNybyBSZXZpZXcgQ291bnQiLCJsb2NhbGUiOiJpdC1JVCJ9);
6. Save your changes;
7. Access your store's website using the Developer workspace to check out the new component. If no more changes are desired, repeat the steps above in a [Production workspace](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/creating-a-production-workspace/) and then [promote it to Master](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/promoting-a-workspace-to-master).
```
